what's getting the guys managed to begin
today i am bringing you an awesome
minecraft minigame it's called
crossroads you've probably seen it on
that app start it's available on iPhones
and androids and stuff and the aim of
the game is like a new version of
Frogger so you gotta get from one side
of the map to the other side of the map
without day as you can see you down here
look at that that's awesome totally
awesome so yeah we're getting it
straight into this see what it's like
hopefully we can get to the end or free
gift room character sure let's play one
game first up Oh are we here we who Wow
alright else there's only certain place
you can get through okay over there si
si si si we're about to go huh oh my
gosh ah let's just please oh those wish
my tray that's a trainer villages oh my
god she's killing me see if I'm smart
what backwards like this until find the
right place it's over there okay okay
now get ready to jump to middle of these
guys there's a lot of them in the middle
here what up on a pothole oh no how did
I not do that run run CP bro oh god yes
ok hit by the village okay what's it
what's it come on SpongeBob who lives in
a pineapple under the sea yes okay we
did it we did it we did it we did it now
it's gotta be careful of this part which
is really dead last time where for the
train the train anywhere looks like the
train is dying down there I want to wear
for the trend again to you as soon as I
ran out the train will come this is how
this works this how things always happen
to me this cars ever so fast like so
fast
I'm so bad at this why am I not good I
believe in myself I can do this come on
word okay here we go let's go we
commit this all I want to do is just to
the prize machine once no my god 17
deaths why am I so bad at video games I
should be good at games I'm a youtuber
set my blood so if any of you guys have
played this tell me how many deaths you
guys got two cuz I feel like I'm doing
really badly right now but if you guys
tell me that you got like 40 deaths
that's gonna make me feel a whole lot
better about myself so if you had to
make me feel better about myself right
now tell me you have 40 deaths that
didn't feel so much better even if you
just lied to me I don't mind I don't
mind if you light right well first a bit
okay okay it's gonna be really difficult
oh we gonna did it I did it huh I'm of
course glad it have to jump over this
one on our and I spat icic we got sixty
five seconds left sir come on it's right
there the band is right there oh my god
is going a pass this last wave of cars
yes oh my god I'm doing it I'm doing it
I'm doing it I'm doing it I look the
weather where I have together they're
right that I see it I see it oh my god
but making it look we did it we did it
oh I'm so genuinely happy right now yes
yes you finished crusty well done in two
minutes don't get to push your scars on
the forum check out this channel thanks
for playing thanks to make slave for the
barn do I get anything for finishing
this trip by the world here do I don't
get gold for finishing it are you
serious what the hell that sucks well
this whole quick look at the characters
room anyway yeah I really wanted to do
this well I guess I can't do it then
guys I'll look at the characters the
this would have been so cool
right guys thank you all for together by
then I've is CP spongebob if you did
enjoy this like a setup you till I like
button and I will see you guys in the
next video peace